---
ID: 166
post_title: 'Elijah&#8217;s Baptism'
author: 32bpwr3@gmail.com
post_date: 2017-03-18 23:09:10
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://morgazine.shepherdhistory.org/2017/03/18/elijahs-baptism/
published: true
medium_post:
  - 'O:11:"Medium_Post":11:{s:16:"author_image_url";N;s:10:"author_url";N;s:11:"byline_name";N;s:12:"byline_email";N;s:10:"cross_link";s:2:"no";s:2:"id";N;s:21:"follower_notification";s:2:"no";s:7:"license";s:19:"all-rights-reserved";s:14:"publication_id";s:12:"553ace568d65";s:6:"status";s:4:"none";s:3:"url";N;}'
ase_map_component_start_point:
  - 'a:2:{s:3:"lat";d:29.760000000000001563194018672220408916473388671875;s:3:"lng";d:-95.3799999999999954525264911353588104248046875;}'
tags: [ ]
categories:
  - Elijah
---
<p><em>This is a look back at Elijah's baptism.</em></p><p>On Sunday, March 17 everyone got together to witness Elijah being baptized at the Mount Pleasant Community Church.</p><p>Elijah’s baptism made the day all about him, but I know that the baptism itself meant that we were making a promise to raise him in a god loving environment. This isn’t a responsibility I take lightly. But, just the fact that we now have a “home” church, the Mount Pleasant Community Church, where Elijah could be baptized shows, I think, that we’ve come a long ways since Kayla was born in 2000.</p><p>Around the time that Kayla was born, we were living in Lansing and stayed mostly to ourselves during the weekends. We had fallen out of the habit of attending church as a couple, so we didn’t search for a church we could attend. After Kayla was born, we were so tired on Sundays that it sometimes took a lot of effort to get up, let alone attend church.</p><p>When we did attend church, it was usually on holidays like Easter and Christmas, and since we spent those holidays with Theresa’s family we often attended the Presbyterian Church in Marlette. We had gotten married in the church and Theresa’s family was in that area, so it made sense for Kayla to be baptized there. We made the trip, and it was a great day.</p><p>A couple of years later I switched jobs and we moved to Shepherd. Josh was born, but we still hadn’t found a home church in the area so he was baptized in Marlette. That was another great day.</p><p>Now that we had a two year old and a newborn baby, we once again got into the habit of keeping to ourselves and didn’t think much about attending a church. Yet, I felt a lot more comfortable living in Shepherd than I had in Lansing, and it was difficult not to notice the churches that were scattered around town. There was a church across the street from us that I sometimes wandered by when I took the kids for walks around the block.</p><p>Then it was during my Uncle’s funeral that I started to think more seriously about attending church. It sounds silly, but during the funeral service we sang a couple of his favorite hymns, and I thought, “What are my favorite hymns?” Out of irrational fear, I began to imagine the theme to “Star Wars” being played during my funeral (hopefully not the Imperial March). It was also starting to worry me that we weren’t getting the kids in the habit of attending church, like my parents had done for me. It was one thing for Theresa and I to choose not to attend church, but it was another to make the choice for our kids without at least exposing them to it.</p><p>Then, one Sunday we stopped in front of the church across the street from where we lived. Kayla and Josh snacked while I rested a little bit. A woman came out of the church, and invited us to come attend service but I declined. But that made me think more about it.</p><p>We didn’t attend our first church service in Shepherd until a few years later. We had moved to our current house. As we were introducing ourselves to our backyard neighbors, the Hollidays, Louie Holliday asked if we (1) had a home church; and (2) would like to go to church with them sometime. As this had been something I’d like to try, I said that I would consider it. The kids were older, but Josh was barely a toddler so they were both a handful, but the days of night bottle feedings were behind us.</p><p>As it turns out, the Hollidays went to the same church that had been across the street from Tara Court Apartments -- the Westlawn Church. Josh, Kayla, and I began attending services there.</p><p>Once we were in the habit of attending church, we switched to the Shepherd United Methodist church because it was more familiar to my background (I had attended a Methodist church when I was younger).</p><p>While we were at the SUMC, we heard some good things about the Mount Pleasant Community Church. For starters, their vacation bible school was a gigantic production, and they were using a lot of modern techniques that weren’t common for the more traditional churches. One Sunday, the kids and I attended our first church service there and then didn’t come back to the United Methodist Church.</p><p>It wasn’t always easy bringing the kids to church on my own. Back when the kids were smaller, it took a lot of effort to get them dressed and out the door for church service. I remember one morning asking Jenny Holliday for help because Kayla’s tights weren’t pulling up all of the way; the crotch was still hanging down by her knees. And, the kids went through a period where they were very anxious about being in the nursery without me.</p><p>I also struggled with attending church on a regular basis. But, I think that ultimately the kids helped me stay on track. One morning, I was still laying in bed tempted to just stay home for the day when Kayla came in and asked if we were going to church. That was all I needed to persuade me.</p><p>We’ve had a lot of great experiences during church, but none of them compare to the experience of seeing Elijah being baptized and being able to celebrate with friends and family afterwards.</p><p>[aesop_collection collection="4" columns="1" splash="on" order="default" loadmore="off"]</p>