---
ID: 51
post_title: This is Shepherd
author: 32bpwr3@gmail.com
post_date: 2017-02-01 03:45:09
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://morgazine.shepherdhistory.org/2017/02/01/this-is-shepherd/
published: true
custom_sidebar:
  - none
tags: [ ]
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This week your mom discovered that her stomach has gotten big enough that it gets in her way when she tries to wash the dishes. So, that most likely means two important things:</span></p><ol><li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’re getting bigger; and</span></li><li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">I’m probably going to need to do the dishes more often until you’re born</span></li></ol><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your brother and sister just finished up their first week of school. Actually, they didn’t start school until Tuesday so it wasn’t a full week, but it’s still quite an accomplishment. I have a feeling that things will be a little bit different on Sunday when they are going to bed knowing that they will have a full week of school ahead of them.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">I don’t think we could have picked a community with a better school district. For the most part, we’ve had some good luck with teachers. Kayla really liked choir last year, and although there is a new choir director I think she will have fun again this year.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">There wasn’t any particular reason why we ended up living in Shepherd. At the time, we were living in West Lansing but I was commuting to Mount Pleasant each weekday. Your sister, Kayla, was just a little more than a year old at the time. Your mom was pregnant with Josh when we moved.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">So, we shopped around for an apartment in the area, and happened to find a two bedroom that was available on Tara Court. If I remember right, the landlord was extra nice to us because I worked for Special Olympics Michigan.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Moving to Shepherd changed everything. I realized this the same day that we moved most of our stuff into the new apartment when I took your sister on a walk towards the center of the Village. There was a park within walking distance, and of course some stores. Lansing is jammed packed with parks, museums, a baseball stadium, and a zoo, but we never really took advantage of them. We just never felt like we fit in there, but I think that both your mom and I instantly felt comfortable here.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The hardest part about being away from my hometown is that I don’t really have a legacy here. In Hartland, there are people from my neighborhood, former classmates I graduated with, and evidence of my ancestry. Here, nobody has ever really heard of the Morgans, Cornells, or the Parshalls.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In away, this has been a good thing because it has given me the chance to have a fresh start with people. I don’t have a checkered past, or anything, but sometimes its better not to be surrounded by people who knew you when you were in elementary school.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">One thing that I’ve learned from being the “New Kid” on the block is that it just takes a little extra effort to put yourself out there so that people can get to know you. It can be daunting to be in a room where nobody knows you, but the fastest way to get passed that is to meet at least five people.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">I don’t think that you’ll have any trouble meeting new people or making new friends, because between your mom, me, and your siblings, you will constantly be surrounded by people who want to meet you. (And, it wouldn’t hurt if they sometimes offered to change a diaper, too)</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">There has been a lot of improvements made since we moved here. The water tower has gotten a fresh coating of paint, for example. Not a huge influence on my life, but its a little better to look at when we drive through town.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Back in 2007, during Shepherd’s Sesquicentennial Celebration, a group of art students from the high school painted a mural onto the side of the train car in front of the train depot (don’t worry, they had permission). It turned out really nice, and its still there. Did I mention that there is a Train Depot? This was a favorite destination for your brother and sister when they were younger (Thomas the Train was really big in each of their lives back then, so it worked out that we lived close to the railroad tracks).</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">One thing that we have now that wasn’t there when your brother was a baby is a walking trail that loops around behind the schools now. The three of us attended the grand opening, when they served free hot dogs and gave a tour around the tral to show us what it would look like.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Shepherd schools went through some remodeling. Shepherd now has a brand-new auditorium that’s almost as spiffy as the one that Hartland built during my Senior year of high school (Okay, its most likely better, but still doesn’t have a band pit, like ours did). After five years watching elementary school concerts in the gymnasium, the auditorium seats feel like heaven.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">And, finally, Shepherd has a brand new community library. This is one of the newest developments. We didn’t take enough advantage of the programs that the library here has for younger children back when Kayla and Josh were younger, but I hope to find out more after you’re born. Well, maybe I’ll wait until you’re at least a year old.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">So that’s just a quick preview of what will be waiting for you to discover after you are born. Shepherd might be snow-covered in February, so it might be two or three months before we can spend too much time outside (Which reminds me, Shepherd has a hill next to Salt River Park that you can go sledding down during the winter–definitely something you will need to try as soon as you’re old enough).</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Well, that’s just about everything that I wanted to share for tonight. After I’m done writing this entry, I’ll be spending a few minutes in the kitchen before I can get to bed.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">I have some dirty dishes to clean.</span></p>